# SQLalchemy-Challenge

# Precipitation Analysis
  To find the last date recorded I used a session query and order by to find the measurement date, then put it in descending order so that when I out put the first date it would be the last one since descending would report backwords.  Then using that date a created a variable that would start there and go all the back for the last 365 days using the timedelta class.  In order to pull all the data from the past year I did a query on the date and precipitation to gather all the information, then fileterd and ordered by greatest distance from the start date to the least so it would show the graph in chronological order. I then saved it into a dataframe and ploted the results out into a bar graph to show the different amounts of rain fall throughout the whole year.  After that I printed out the summary statistics including the total mm of rain fall, the mean, the standard devation, and the min and max with each quartile range.

# Station Analysis
  To find the total number of stations I did a session query on the total count searching by Station. To show all the stations individually I created of list of parameters to look for.  To start I wanted to see the Station number which I found by searching for Station measurement, and then name after with was searching by the name in station and then lastly showing the Id of the station at the end and ordered them by descending numbers of the most active stations so the highest would be on top.  After that I did a query on the min, max, and average temperature for each station and then listed it out by printing each one in their specific order on the list.  Next thing I did to get my greatest number of observations is filter my seassion query by any date within the last year from the last date calculated, and then also filtered by the most active stations, ordered them by date and then finally I wanted to see them all so they would print out in order with no gaps.  I then converted my seassion query into a dataframe so I can plot out my results into a histogram.

# Design Your Climate App
  To being my App I imported all the dependencies I was going to use in my code to create the app.  I created my engine to run off the sqlite file and then reflected my database and tables, then saved them in their each table. After that I created all my different flasks that the app can run in to, to give the informaiton needed about the stations and their weather. I created a flask for precipation, their stations, and the temperature from the start to the end of the year.  Within the flasks I reported min and max tempertaures along with other temperature observations.
